GitAuth is a tool to provide authenticated git hosting from any unix like
box using ruby, git-shell and a whole lot of awesomeness.

Available commands include:
  
  ls-users    - Lists all users handled by GitAuth
  
  ls-groups   - Lists all groups handled by GitAuth
  
  ls-repos    - Lists all repositories handled by GitAuth
  
  show-user   - Shows information about a user with a given name
    e.g: gitauth show-user darcy
    
  show-group  - Shows information about a group with a given name
    e.g: gitauth show-group brownbeagle
    or,: gitauth show-group @brownbeagle
    
  show-repo   - Shows information about a repository with a given name
    e.g: gitauth show-repo project-a
  
  add-user    - adds a user with a specific name and ssh key
    e.g. gitauth add-user darcy ~/id_rsa-one.pub
    or,: gitauth add-user sutto ~/id_rsa-two.pub --admin
    
    Would create two users, one an admin and one a normal user.
    
  add-group   - Adds a group with a specified name.  
    e.g: gitauth add-group brownbeagle
    or,: gitauth add-group brownbeagle
    
    From there on in, you can refer to the group as @brownbeagle

  add-repo    - Adds a repository with a specific name and an optional path
    e.g: gitauth add-repo project-a
    or,: gitauth add-repo project-b --make-empty
    or,: gitauth add-repo project-c my-path-to-repo.git
    or,: gitauth add-repo project-d my-path-to-other-repo --make-empty
    
    --make-empty initializes it with a blank commit whilst
    a second argument sets the path for the created repository.
    The path is only ever used internally, the user refers to
    it externally. e.g, project-c above would be accessible by:
    user@your-server.com:project-c or user@your-server.com:project-c.git

  add-key     - Adds a key for a user
    e.g: gitauth add-key user-name path-to-file
    e.g: gitauth add-key user-name "ssh-rsa KEY user@machine"

  add-user-to-group  - Adds a user to a group
    e.g: gitauth add-user-to-group user-name group-name
  
  rm-user     - Removes a user with the given name
    e.g: gitauth rm-user darcy

  rm-group    - Removes a specific group from GitAuth
    e.g: gitauth rm-group brownbeagle
    or,: gitauth rm-group @brownbeagle

  rm-repo     - Removes a repository from gitauth (destroys it on the filesystem as well)
    e.g: gitauth rm-repo project-a

  rm-key      - Remove a key for user from authorized_keys file
    e.g: gitauth rm-key user-name leoc@machine

  rm-user-from-group  - Remove a user to a group
    e.g: gitauth rm-user-from-group user-name group-name
    
  permissions - Set the permissions for a given user or group on a specific repository.
    e.g: gitauth permissions project-a darcy
    or,: gitauth permissions project-b darcy --type read
    or,: gitauth permissions project-c darcy --type none
    or,: gitauth permissions project-a @brownbeagle -t read
    or,: gitauth permissions project-b @brownbeagle
    
    The first argument being the repository name, the second a target -
    either a user (e.g. darcy), or, if prefixed with an @-symbol, a group.
    An optional --type argument specifies what permissions to use (all, read, write
    or none - defaulting to all).
    
  web-app     - Starts up the web app, serving on port 8998
    e.g: gitauth web-app

